Abschnitt Dokumentation in Readme gepflegt (#340)
it-at-m/Wahllokalsystem: README.md

## Documentation

We use [VitePress](https://vitepress.dev/) for our documentation. The sources for the documentation is also part of

> this repository. After its build, the documentation is accessible via https://it-at-m.github.io/Wahllokalsystem/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this repository. After building the documentation is accessible via https://it-at-m.github.io/Wahllokalsystem/.
```
